 +1 831 275 1449 JOIN THE ILLUMINATI BROTHERHOOD IMMEDIATELY IN SOUTH SUDAN,JOHANNESBURG ,SOWETO
FREEMASONS and IllUMINATI KNOW THE DIFFERENCE
How Can I Become an Illuminati Member? NO BLOOD SACRIFICE +1*831*275*1449
DONT BE AFRAID CONTACT US TODAY AND BE ENLIGHTENED (t.me/MrJohnsone)

The Illuminati: 13 questions about the clandestine secret society answered
 
Who were the Illuminati, and do they really control the world? Here's what we know about one of history's most alluring secret societies, including how you became a member.

What is the Illuminati?
The Illuminati is a name given to both a real and fictitious society. The latter has fuelled conspiracy theories for years, with people claiming it to be a secretive and mysterious worldwide organisation intent on world domination – as well as being behind some of history’s greatest revolutions and assassinations.

What was the original Illuminati?
The Illuminati was a secret society formed in Bavaria (now part of modern-day Germany) that existed from 1776 to 1785 – its members originally referred to themselves as Perfectibilists.

The group was inspired by the ideals of the Enlightenment and founded by professor of canon law Adam Weishaupt. He wanted to promote the education of reason and philanthropy and oppose superstition and religious influence in society.Weishaupt sought to change the way states in Europe were run, removing the influence of religion from government and giving people a new source of ‘illumination’.

Where was the Illuminati's first meeting?
It’s believed that the Bavarian Illuminati’s first meeting was held in a forest near Ingolstadt on 1 May 1776. Here, five men set out the rules that would govern the secret order.
How is the Illuminati connected to the Freemasons?
Some members of the Illuminati joined the Freemasons in order to recruit new members.

The Freemasons are a fraternal order that evolved from the guilds of stonemasons and cathedral builders of the Middle Ages.

In some countries, especially the US, there has historically been a lot of paranoia about the Freemasons – in 1828, a single-issue political movement known as the Anti-Masonic Party was even established.

Due to the original Illuminati recruitment of Freemasons, the two groups have often been confused for each other.

How could you join the Illuminati?
To join the Illuminati, you had to have full consent from the other members, possess wealth, and have a good reputation within a suitable family.

There was also a hierarchical system to Illuminati membership. After entering as a ‘novice’, you graduated to a ‘minerval’ and then an ‘illuminated minerval’, although this structure later became more complicated, with 13 degrees of initiation required in order to become a member.

Did the Illuminati use rituals?
The Illuminati did use rituals – most of which remain unknown – and pseudonyms were used to keep the identities of members a secret.

However, the rituals we do know about (found in seized, secret papers) explain how novices could move to a higher level within the Illuminati’s hierarchy: they had to compile a report on all the books they owned, write a list of their weaknesses, and reveal the names of any enemies they had. The novice would then promise to sacrifice personal interests for the good of the society.

Is the all-seeing eye linked to the Illumnati?
The ‘Eye of Providence’ – a symbol resembling an eye inside a triangle – appears on churches around the globe, as well as on Masonic buildings and the US one-dollar bill.

In addition to being associated with Freemasonry, it has also been linked with the Illuminati as a symbol of the group’s control and surveillance of the world.

Originally a Christian emblem, the all-seeing eye has been used in paintings to represent God’s watchfulness over humanity.

In the 18th century, it began to be used in new ways – for example, in Jean-Jacques-François Le Barbier’s The Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen, an illustrated version of the human rights document adopted by France’s National Constituent Assembly in 1789. Here, it is depicted as an instrument of paternalistic reason, keeping a watchful eye over the newly democratic nation.

There is no official link between the all-seeing eye and the Illuminati – the proposed connection probably stems from the fact that the original group shared similarities with the Freemasons, who used the image as a symbol of God.

Did the Illuminati succeed in world domination?
Some people believe that the Illuminati controls the world today, suggesting that they are so secretive that few are aware of it.

As many members of the Illuminati infiltrated the Freemasons and vice versa, it’s difficult to judge the Illuminati’s success, but most historians believe the original group only gained moderate influence.

Were there any famous members Illuminati?
By 1782, the Illuminati had grown to around 600 members – these included German nobles such as Baron Adolph von Knigge who, as a former Freemason, helped shape the group’s organisation and expansion.

Initially, Weishaupt’s students were the only members, but soon, doctors, lawyers and intellectuals joined. There were between 2,000 and 3,000 Illuminati members by 1784.

Some sources say that renowned writer Johann Wolfgang von Goethe also joined, but this is disputed.

