Apply To Become An Illuminati Member | Official Application +1 831 275 1449

Dear Influential Individual,

We are delighted that your life’s journey has led you to discover our organization.

Maybe you have met one of our members in the flesh. Or perhaps not; we value anonymity. We see and know all just as a shepherd sees and knows all of the flock, our eyes peering over the masses to identify any threat to the survival of the human species. We are the bringers of new dawns, the guardians of the human species. We are the Pyramid, the Eye, the Light, the Eternal Circle. We are the Illuminati.

The Illuminati is a collective of prominent figures throughout the world who have united to guard the human species from extinction. Our members bear the burden of a planet’s leadership with the lives of 7 billion in their hands. As the human continues to rise above its other animal counterparts, governing of the planet has turned into a daunting task.

Once a member, the requirements are unimposing and often spaced between many years. Our requests are simple and therefore may be hard to comprehend, but disloyalty is not tolerated. You must understand this before applying. Members must fulfill their oaths to the Illuminati under every circumstance and recognize that they are merely one part of a much larger Universal Design.

For centuries, our organization has separated individuals of outstanding political, financial, or cultural influence from the flock and established them as shepherds of the human species. Perhaps you have already proven yourself in these fields. For that, the Illuminati officially congratulates you. Your dedication gives hope for the future of the human species.

If you would like to continue your application, start by filling out the form on this page. It will add you to our list of potential candidates for Illuminati membership. We will contact you if we require more information.



For that, the Illuminati officially congratulates you. Your dedication gives hope for the future of the human species. If you would like to continue your application, start by filling out the form on this page. It will add you to our list of potential candidates for Illuminati membership. We will contact you if we require more information.

    Contact Us+1 831 275 1449

    Join The Illuminati; Contact Us I agree to the terms and privacy policy. Send Message. Contact the Illuminati via Phone 1-833-3ILLUMINATI +1 831 275 1449. Contact the Illuminati via our official addresses and email accounts. If you are a current member, we encourage you to call the telephone number provided with your membership data. ...
    Your Information Has Been Submitted

    Join the Illuminati, an elite organization of world leaders, business authorities, innovators, artists, and other influential members of this planet. Our coalition unites influencers of all political, religious, and geographical backgrounds to further the prosperity of the human species as a whole.
    Tenet Of Freedom & Belief

    The Illuminati is not a church, religion, political group, or charity organization, but an elite collective of global influencers who work to further the interests of the human species as a whole. Our decisions are independent of all human divisions, including religious and political differences.
    Join The Illuminati

    JOIN THE ILLUMINATI. To begin, submit your information below. I agree to the privacy policy. Leave this field empty if you're human: The Illuminati is an elite organization of world leaders, business authorities, innovators, artists, and other influential members of this planet. To apply for membership, complete the form on this page.
    Why a Secret Society

    Join The Illuminati; Contact Us; Why The Illuminati Is A Secret Society. Freedom is an idol of the human species. The Illuminati operates in defense of you and all humans, in all places, and of all generations. Our duty to this planet has spanned across centuries and survived even the most established government entities. But the cultivation of ...
    The Pyramid

    In popular culture, a great amount of focus is placed on the Illuminati's belief that money is not evil. Some view our 
